[Autogenerated] Okay, let's dive into the consul and exploring E.
C.
Two instance.
Types now want to cover the instance types before we move on to Lambda.
So let's just go ahead and take a look at that here.
If I go to a launch instance, it brings us to our default.
Am I choice screen solid.
Choose Amazon Lennox, too.
I'll go ahead and accept the defaults all the way up to the key.
Really?
Just to speed this up, I'll launch it.
Aah!
Select that I acknowledge this and I'll launch my instance.
Now,
this instance that I just create a year that's pending is
considered an on demand instance I could theoretically spin up
as many on demand instances as I want,
and this is the typical instance type that you get from most architectures.
So with that one pending, let's just launch another one like it.
But this time under instance configuration.
If we scroll down here, we can request spot instances.
So this is where we can essentially bid on spare compute tow launch for
AWS workloads so you can see the current pricing per availability zone
and I'll go ahead in a match that exact price.
We can make this a persistent request,
which means that it will always try and restart upon interruption.
Or we can say that, Hey, it's not a big deal.
Let's just go ahead and let the instance die.
We can specify our validity period so we can specify a time
period that it's valid from and valid, too.
I'll click on review and launch.
I'll launch it and let's click Acknowledge.
Now when we go to spot requests, which is underneath instances here on the left,
you'll see that we have an instance type for a spot instance request,
and it's been fulfilled.
So this means that our spot request is available
and they're going to fulfill it.
And hey, here's your new instance right here.
That's a spot Instance.
So what's nice is we have created an on demand instance,
and you can see that here on the life cycle,
it says normal, which is on demand, and we've spun up a spot instance.
Now the two key differences here are costs where spot is
significantly cheaper than on demand and the fact that spot
can terminate at any given moment.
AWS does its best to provide a two minute notice, which is classified as a spot.
Instance interruption.
But it's not a guarantee that you'll get a full two minutes to
perform whatever actions which may be needed.
So essentially, what that means is, when you're running,
compute or workloads on spot instances,
you need to keep in mind that they can terminate at any point
in time and your work progress maybe lost.
So a common scenario is that people will go ahead and spin up a
spot instance for extra work that can be resumed later on and
then reserve on demand in reserved instances for the critical
components of the workload.
So let me go ahead and clean this up, and this is a pretty good breaking point.
So let's take a quick break and then we'll pick back up in the next clip, where we're going to start looking at the reserved instance purchase process